Parallel mode added (effectively ``detox`` now is merged into tox):

- Invoke by using the ``--parallel`` or ``-p`` flag. After the packaging phase completes tox will run in parallel
  processes tox environments (spins a new instance of the tox interpreter, but passes through all host flags and
  environment variables).
- ``-p`` takes an argument specifying the degree of parallelization:

  - ``all`` to run all invoked environments in parallel,
  - ``auto`` to limit it to CPU count,
  - or pass an integer to set that limit.
- Parallel mode displays a progress spinner while running tox environments in parallel, and reports outcome of
  these as soon as completed with a human readable duration timing attached.
- Parallel mode by default shows output only of failed environments and ones marked as :conf:`parallel_show_output`
  ``=True``.
- There's now a concept of dependency between environments (specified via :conf:`depends`), tox will re-order the
  environment list to be run to satisfy these dependencies (in sequential run too). Furthermore, in parallel mode,
  will only schedule a tox environment to run once all of its dependencies finished (independent of their outcome).
- ``--parallel-live``/``-o`` allows showing the live output of the standard output and error, also turns off reporting
  described above.
- Note: parallel evaluation disables standard input. Use non parallel invocation if you need standard input.

Example final output:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ tox -e py27,py36,coverage -p all
    ✔ OK py36 in 9.533 seconds
    ✔ OK py27 in 9.96 seconds
    ✔ OK coverage in 2.0 seconds
    ___________________________ summary ______________________________________________________
      py27: commands succeeded
      py36: commands succeeded
      coverage: commands succeeded
      congratulations :)


Example progress bar, showing a rotating spinner, the number of environments running and their list (limited up to 120 characters):

.. code-block:: bash

    ⠹ [2] py27 | py36


By :user:`gaborbernat`.
